Added file for CFP-Help-Guide-Post (#362)
pythonindia/inpycon-blog: content/blog/2021/cfp_help.md

> Title: How to write a proposal for the talk in PyCon? Our Mentorship team is here to help

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Title: Writing a proposal for PyCon India? Our Mentorship team is here to help!
```

Author: Updated

Date: 2021-04-14 10:00
Author: Dinesh Kumar P (@dinuswt22)
Category: 2021

> Slug: writing-proposal-pycon-mentorship-team-help

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Slug: announce-mentorship
```

Author: Updated

You have been working in Python for years and interested in presenting your first conference talk?

We know it's not always easy to find the right words when you have something to share. It happens to the best of us. But no need to worry, we’ve all been there. The PyCon India mentorship team is here to help you out with your proposal. Whether you are submitting a proposal at PyCon India for the first time or you are a veteran speaker with years of experience behind you, our mentorship team will guide you through the process and help you wherever required in a number of ways as mentioned below. We want to help you put your best foot forward when it comes to submitting proposals!

### **Recommended Resources from the Content Team**

Prospective speakers of PyCon India can take a look at our curated blog posts on writing better talk and workshop proposals.

* [Tips on writing a “kickass” proposal](https://in.pycon.org/blog/2020/2020-workshop-cfp-announcement.html)
* [Guidelines on creating video previews](https://in.pycon.org/blog/2020/2020-call-for-proposals-announcement.html)

### **Join us on Zulip for faster answers to any questions**

> You can always contact our mentors on Zulip. You can join them on the [PyCon India Zulip Channel](https://pyconindia.zulipchat.com/#) and drop a text in the [pre-cfp topic](https://pyconindia.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/245487-wg.2Fmentorship/topic/pre-cfp) of the #Mentorship stream (Streams are available to choose from the sidebar on the left).

Reviewer 2: Instead of `#Mentorship stream`, it should be `#wg/mentorship stream`

Author: Updated. Please check

> You can always contact our mentors on Zulip. You can join them on the [PyCon India Zulip Channel](https://pyconindia.zulipchat.com/#) and drop a text in the [pre-cfp topic](https://pyconindia.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/245487-wg.2Fmentorship/topic/pre-cfp) of the #wg/mentorship stream (Streams are available to choose from the sidebar on the left).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You can always contact our mentors on Zulip. You can join them on the [PyCon India Zulip Channel](https://pyconindia.zulipchat.com/#) and drop a text in the [pre-cfp-21 topic](https://pyconindia.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/245487-wg.2Fmentorship/topic/pre-cfp-21) of the #wg/mentorship stream (Streams are available to choose from the sidebar on the left).
```

Author: Updated

### **Open Mentorship calls**

In the hopes of providing better opportunities and assistance for first-time speakers at PyCon India 2021, we are starting weekly mentorship calls. This would be an open call for participants and potential speakers to interact with PyCon India mentors to review, share, and discuss draft proposals. Details of the call are as follows:

* **Date:** Weekly on Saturdays
* **Time:** 15:00 to 17:00 IST

> * **Platform:** Google Meet - Join with the [invite link](https://meet.google.com/pot-jzjq-udn)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **Platform:** Jitsi Meet - Join with the [link](https://meet.jit.si/PyConIndia21Mentorship)
```

Author: Updated. Please check.

This way you can interact with the mentorship team instantly and clear out queries on a more real-time basis.

### **Reviewing Proposals**

> Whichever platform you choose to opt for interacting with the mentors, you would be asked to share a Google document with comment access to a mentor, who will then review and help you polish the draft. If you don't get any response in 48 hours, please send a direct message to @siddharthvipul on Zulip. And that’s all you need to do.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Whichever platform you choose to opt for interacting with the mentors, you would be asked to share a Google document with comment access to a mentor, who will then review and help you polish the draft. If you don't get any response in 48 hours, please send a follow up message to [#wg/mentorship](https://pyconindia.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/245487-wg.2Fmentorship/topic/pre-cfp-21) on Zulip. And that’s all you need to do.
```

Author: Updated.
